docs: Add release notes for v0.30.1 (#611)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/release-notes/ck8s.md

!!!note
    For a more detailed look check out the full [changelog](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

### v0.30.1

Released 2023-06-05

> #### Added
> 
> - Added exceptions for falco alerts generated by Tekton
> - Added exceptions for falco alerts generated by ingress-nginx
> 
> #### Updated
> 
> - Update Trivy Operator Dashboard to improve the user experience
> - Another network policy fix for Harbor to allow garbage collection
> - Fixed duplicate exception for falco alerts
> - Update Falco rules

Reviewer: Maybe just write 1 point about the falco changes, something like this
```suggestion
#### Updated

- Update Trivy Operator Dashboard to improve the user experience
- Another network policy fix for Harbor to allow garbage collection
- Updated falco rules and falco alert exceptions
```

Author: fixed it 
thx

> ### Fixed
> 
> - Fix migration and race condition for HNC and HierarchyConfigurations
> 

Reviewer: Not a user-facing fix
```suggestion
```

Author: removed it

> ### Changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Changed
```

Author: fixed
